1) Put the verb into the correct from: present simple (I do), present continuous (I am doing), past simple (I did) or past continuous (I was doing).
We can go out now. It isn´t raining any more.
Katherine was waiting for me when I arrived.
I am getting hungry. Let´s go and have something to eat.
What do you do in your spare time? Do you have any hobbies?
The Weather was horrible when we arrived. I was cold and it was raining hard.
Louise usually phones me on fridays, she didn´t phone last Friday.
When I last saw you, you were thinking of moving to new flat.
Thant´s right, but in the end I decided to stay where I was.
Why are you look at me like that? What´s the matter?
It´s usually dry here at this time of the year. It doesn´t rain much.
Sorry I´m late. My phone ringing three times while I was getting ready to go out.
Lisa was busy when we went to see her yestarday. She had as exam today and she was preparing for it.
We didn´t want to disturb her, so we didn´t stay very long.
When I first told tom what happened, He didn´t believe me. He thought that I was joking.

2) Which is correct?
Everything is going well. We haven´t had any problems so far.
Lisa didn´t go to work yesterday. She wasn´t feeling well.
I went to New Zealand last year.
I haven´t heard from Jess recently. I hope she´s ok.
I wonder why James is being so nice to me today. He isn´t usually like that.
Jane had a book open in front of her, but she wasn´t reading it.
I wasn´t very busy. I didn´t have much to do.
It´s beginning to get dark. Shall i turn on the light?
After finishing school, Tim got a job in a factory.
When Sue heard the news, she wasn´t been very peased.
This is a nice restaurant, isn´t it? Is this the first time you ´ve been here?
I need a new job. I´ve been doing the same job for too long.
Anna has gone out.  Oh, has she? What time did she go?
You look tired. Yes, I´ve been playing basktetball.
Where are you come from? Are you American?
I´d like to see Tina again. It´s a long time since I saw her.
Robert and Maria have been married for 20 years.

3) Complete each question using a sutable verb:
3.1) I´m look for Paul. Have you seen him?
Yes, he was here a moment ago.
3.2) Why did you go to bed so early last night?
I was feeling very tired.
3.3) Where are you going to?
Just to the shop at the end of the street. I´ll be back in a few minutes.
3.4) Do you whatch TV every evening?
No, only if there´s something special on.
3.5) Your house is very beautiful. How long have you been living here?
Nearly ten years.
3.6) How was your holiday? Did you have a nice time?
Yes, thanks. It was great.
3.7) Did you see Sarah recently?
Yes, we had lunch together a fews days ago.
3.8) Can you describe the woman you saw? What did she wearing?
A red sweater and black jeans.
3.9) I´m sorry to keep you waiting.  Did you waiting how long?
No, only about tem minutes.
3.10) How long  does it take you to get to work in the morning?
Usually about 45 minutes. It dependsonthe traffic.
3.11) Have you ridden a horse before?
No, this is the first time. I´m a little nervous.
3.12) Have you been to the United States?
No, never, but I went to Canada a few years ago.

4) Use your own ideas to complete B´s sentences:
What´s the new restaurant like? Is it good?
I´ve no idea. I´ve never been there.
How well do you know Ben?
Very well. We studied together since we were children.
Did you enjoy your holiday?
Yes, It was really good. It´s the best holiday ever.
Is David still here?
No, I´m afraid he isn´t. He left about tem minutes ago.
I like yur suit. I haven´t seen it before.
It´s new. It´s the first time I wear it.
How did you cut your knee?
I slipped and fell when I was playing tennis.










