6.1) What were you doing at these times? Write sentences as in the examples. The past continuous is not alwais necessary (see the second exemple).
(at 8 o´clock yestarday evening) - I was having dinner.
(at 5 o´clock last Monday) - I was sleeping
(at 10.15 yesterday morning) - I was in english class
(at 4.30 this morning) - I was sleeping
(at 7.45 yesterday evening) - I was in buddism meeting
(half na hour ago) - I was eating dinner.

6.2)  Use your own ideas to complete the sentences. Use the past continuous.
Matt phoned while we ware having dinner.
The doorbell rang while I was leaving from there.
The car began to make a strange noise whe we were coming the road.
Jessica fell asleep while she was  staying in hotel.
The television was on, but nobody was hearing it.

6.3) Put the correct form, past continuous or past simple.
I saw Sue in town yesterdaym bou she didn´t see me. She was looking the other way.
I met Tom and Jane at the airport a few weeks ago. They were going to Paris and I was going to Rome. We had a chat while we were waiting for our flights.
I was cycling home yesterday when a man stepped out into the road in front of me. I was going quite fast, but luckly I managed to stop in time and didn´t hit him.

6.4) Put the verb into the correct form, past continuous or past simple.
Jenny was waiting from me when I arrived.
What did you do at this time yestarday? I was asleep.
Did you go out last night? No, I was too tired.
How fast were you driving when the accident happened?
Sam took a picture of me while I wasn´t looking.
We were in a very difficult position. We didn´t know what to do.
I haven´t Alan for ages. When I last saw him, he was trying fo find a job.
I was walking along the street when suddenly I heard footsteps behind me. Somebody was following me.  I was scared and I started to run.
When I was young, I wanted to be a pilot.
Last night I dropped a plate when I was doing the washing-up. Fortunately it didn´t break.

6.5) Next steps for test speech.
This is a online word edition.



